# git-story

It's 3 AM. An official phone alert wakes you up. It says "DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON". You have hundreds of notifications. Hundreds of random numbers are sending "It's a beautiful night tonight. Look outside.”

Admittedly, first you're conflicted at what was in front of you. Hundreds and hundreds of random numbers, all telling you to simply look outside, a very simple task. On the other hand, the phone alert telling you not to was official. Not from any app of yours, but straight from the government. You eventually decide that the government has some sort of sense to them (at least for this scenario), and that it's late anyway. Despite knowing it was 3AM, you just turn on your XBOX, fully ready to start playing basically any game you own as a distraction.

Before playing though, you hear your stomach growl and realize how hungry you are. You sneak downstairs to warm up the leftover pizza from yesterday's dinner. Despite being downstairs, the notifications from your phone can still faintly be heard. The microwave beeps, so you grab the pizza and a bottle of water then sprint back upstairs. You then text your friends and tell them to get on to play some games, but none of them are awake yet. You then start to think, "what if one of them looked at the moon." Suddenly all the lights went out shortly then came right back. You start to get a little scared, but you just disregard what had just happen. 

After countless minutes waiting for the game to load, you decide to turn off the XBOX to get some sleep. You lay down, pull out your phone, and start scrolling. Suddenly, all the power goes out then comes back after three seconds. It was just like what happened earlier. You start to get scared, and ask your friends if anything weird is happening. They tell you to relax, an that it's nothing serious, so you go back to your phone. As you endlessly scroll on TikTok, you realize that your phone also turned off in the second power outage of the night. You begin to think, "how did my phone turn off if it has its own battery?" You also notice that the notifications stopped after the second power outage. Although you are curious, you remember you have school tomorrow. You still have two hours before it's time to get ready for school. Regardless of the weird events that night, you forget about them and begin to doze off. 

For what only feels like an hour, you check the time on your phone to see that it is now 10 AM. You start to freak out as school has already began and you bolt out the house and hop on your bike. As you are riding your bike, you notice that it is awfully quite because the street you take is usually bustling. When you finally enter into the school building you notice that there is almost nobody inside your class. You walk up to the teacher to give your excuse for your tardiness but the teacher just ignores you. Regardless, you sit down to eventually notice how everyone has a blant look on their face and sitting with the most upright position. Suddenly, the bell rings and your classmates stand up immediatly; they begin marching to their next class in perfect synchrony.
